ID	OID	Title	Description	Option	Price
CH1	SML	Chicken	"Our chicken is cooked fresh in store each day and seasoned to perfection. We use special coal to enhance the flavour, ensure there is a crispy skin which fully brings out that distinctive charcoal taste. All our chickens are served with filling on the side that you can enjoy. Chicken that's so good its hard to refuse."	Quarter	4.9
CH1	MED	Chicken	"Our chicken is cooked fresh in store each day and seasoned to perfection. We use special coal to enhance the flavour, ensure there is a crispy skin which fully brings out that distinctive charcoal taste. All our chickens are served with filling on the side that you can enjoy. Chicken that's so good its hard to refuse."	Half	7.9
CH1	LRG	Chicken	"Our chicken is cooked fresh in store each day and seasoned to perfection. We use special coal to enhance the flavour, ensure there is a crispy skin which fully brings out that distinctive charcoal taste. All our chickens are served with filling on the side that you can enjoy. Chicken that's so good its hard to refuse."	Whole	13.9
BB2	SML	Beef Burger	"Cheese, tomato, lettuce and angus beef. What more could you ask for? Our hand made beef patties are cooked to perfection. Served on our soft fluffy buns."	Small	5.9
BB2	MED	Beef Burger	"Cheese, tomato, lettuce and angus beef. What more could you ask for? Our hand made beef patties are cooked to perfection. Served on our soft fluffy buns."	Medium	6.9
BB2	LRG	Beef Burger	"Cheese, tomato, lettuce and angus beef. What more could you ask for? Our hand made beef patties are cooked to perfection. Served on our soft fluffy buns."	Large	7.9
SC3	SML	Schnitzel and Chips	We prepare our chicken schnitzels by making sure that our chicken has a even thin layer of breadcrumb and fried. We serve them with thick cut crispy chips seasoned to perfection.	Small	7.7
SC3	MED	Schnitzel and Chips	We prepare our chicken schnitzels by making sure that our chicken has a even thin layer of breadcrumb and fried. We serve them with thick cut crispy chips seasoned to perfection.	Medium	8.5
SC3	LRG	Schnitzel and Chips	We prepare our chicken schnitzels by making sure that our chicken has a even thin layer of breadcrumb and fried. We serve them with thick cut crispy chips seasoned to perfection.	Large	9.2
CL4	SML	Choc Lava Cake	Steamy luscious gooey rich chocolate inside a soft fluffy cake topped generously with icing powder. We lovingly bake these cakes fresh in store.	Small	4.2
CL4	MED	Choc Lava Cake	Steamy luscious gooey rich chocolate inside a soft fluffy cake topped generously with icing powder. We lovingly bake these cakes fresh in store.	Medium	5.4
CL4	LRG	Choc Lava Cake	Steamy luscious gooey rich chocolate inside a soft fluffy cake topped generously with icing powder. We lovingly bake these cakes fresh in store.	Large	6.5
KP5	SML	Kids Pack	"We know children are picky, but who doesn't like nuggets. Our nuggets are made fresh in store. These nuggets are served with a small serving of chips. These two complement each other perfectly, steaming hot crispy chips and nuggets. The perfect fingure food. "	Small	5.9
KP5	MED	Kids Pack	"We know children are picky, but who doesn't like nuggets. Our nuggets are made fresh in store. These nuggets are served with a small serving of chips. These two complement each other perfectly, steaming hot crispy chips and nuggets. The perfect fingure food. "	Medium	6.9
KP5	LRG	Kids Pack	"We know children are picky, but who doesn't like nuggets. Our nuggets are made fresh in store. These nuggets are served with a small serving of chips. These two complement each other perfectly, steaming hot crispy chips and nuggets. The perfect fingure food. "	Large	7.9
CW6	SML	Chicken Wrap	"Two juicy crispy chicken tenders, tomato slices and shredded lettuce topped with mayonnaise, all wrapped in a soft warmed tortilla."	Small	5.5
CW7	MED	Chicken Wrap	"Two juicy crispy chicken tenders, tomato slices and shredded lettuce topped with mayonnaise, all wrapped in a soft warmed tortilla."	Medium	6.5
CW8	LRG	Chicken Wrap	"Two juicy crispy chicken tenders, tomato slices and shredded lettuce topped with mayonnaise, all wrapped in a soft warmed tortilla."	Large	7.5
